venomously and hi to everyone I am Arun
Singh and you are watching my granny
produced by Alvin today I will be
reviewing the sony MDR a s200 earphones
which are there on my nose right now so
let me take them out for you
here we go
so as you can see these are the phones
they even they are quite different quite
stylish and in terms of loops you know I
would like to give an 8 out of 10 rating
and you know whenever you will go around
wearing these earphones then I'm sure
people really give a second look and
some might even star start staring at
you or you can see at your ears coming
to the build quality well the black area
is made up of an alloy and it is quite
sturdy the inner part from where the
sound comes is gold-plated this is what
is stated on the packaging of this
device well this is quite you know
unique as you do not see gold-plated
earphones that you know quite normal
talking about the length of the cable
it is 1.2 meters which is perfect as it
is not too short not too long plus you
get this monster like clip you can this
is how it was much like clip it can be
used to you know stick the cable with
your t-shirt or short as per your
convenience talking about the most
important part which is the sound
quality well it is quite good though if
you like hearing music at really high
volume
you know with the high pass which is by
the way is not good for your ears then
you may be disappointed however if you
ask me to read the sound quality I would
like to give a 9 out of 10 there in
terms of compatibility the earphone will
work with your Walkman all the Android
phones laptops and on the packaging it
is stated that it is even compatible
with the iPod and the iPhone though I
have not triggered personally with an
after Weiss you know it has a few
shortcomings I want to call them
disadvantages or you know coupons for
this device but it has a shortcoming
that it is not equal to the mic so that
means you cannot use it for two and flow
communication okay but still overall you
know the package I I feel the packages
are really quite good in terms of price
will the amat be stated on the packaging
is 790 piece however you can get it for
around you know 550 to 650 rupees on
ecommerce sites in India
okay so overall it's it's a good buy if
you are a sports enthusiast you like you
know like to dance while listening to
music or stuff like that so it is a good
ear phone it is a rally for value for
money your phone and initially you might
face some problems you know like you
might feel uncomfortable but when you
will use it for a day or two
f you will get second now let me tell
you a trick or like how to wear them so
there is a trick do you may you know
devise your own way on like how to wear
them but let me show you there is a
simple and focused way so this is how it
goes all you have to do is
you know on the Robert the it is written
for which year the air for the
particular gear phone is like it is
written it is for the right here so make
sure that you plug it in the air right
yet only what you have to do is pull the
rubber like this on the upper like this
for you to be like inside ok and plug it
it is here you
or the left one to the same technique I
can do like this
here you go quite easy stable it won't
come out no matter how you know how low
you dance do whatever you feel I plus
one more thing the rubber is at this
table it can go as per your ear size you
can adjust it okay so yeah so I hope
this video will help you to take a
decision whether to buy it or not my
personal preference and my experience
and now is that it is quite it is one of
the best earphones I have a bottle now
so bye-bye and thank you for watching
the video take care alright